I know that today the whole capital will join forces
Nothing more than trying to step me into the dirt
Show off your fearless status
If ordinary people
I'm afraid I'm already innocent
What a pity!
We're here to rescue you
Wei Ying
Still obsessed
Conversion is not abandoned
Suzaku Xuanniao will catch death
let go
I am the enemy daughter of Emperor Su of Great Xia, send me a wild report
After loud sound injury
Cause you to die
I thought you knew that your Su family was going to die
That's why he's desperate
I want to grab the straw of doing something
Now it seems
So stupid
What do you mean?
Since you don't know
That seat can let you die to understand
The building's royal merchant Su Shi colluded with foreign enemies
intent imitation
Three days ago, they were all attacked by my Feng Ming army
The female leader ordered the Su family nine clans
What!
Slingshot
Would you like to hear what you're saying?
The Su family doesn't say you
Even the Holy One does not dare to sin you at will
For this sword
You really dare to say anything?
You can look at this accusation
Not as handsome as you